[Documentation] Update possible typo in Glossary (#1221)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/maintain/glossary.md

## Validator

> Validators stake their tokens on the Ethereum mainnet staking contracts and is running both the [Heimdall](#heimdall) node and the [Bor](#bor) node to commit the network checkpoints to the Ethereum mainnet and to produce blocks on the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validators [stake their MATIC tokens](/docs/maintain/validate/validator-staking-operations) via staking contracts deployed on the Ethereum mainnet and are running both the [Heimdall](#heimdall) node and the [Bor](#bor) node to commit the network checkpoints to the Ethereum mainnet and to produce blocks on the network.
```
